README.md, before:

# Practice repository to start learning Git

## Commands used

 - git init: Create a  new git repository
 - git status: Compare working directory, staging area, and current branch
 - git add: Add changes from working directory to stagin area
 - git commit: Commit changes from staging area to current branch
 - git config: Set or get configuration
 - git log: Show a history (aka "log") of project commits
 - git checkout: Check out branch (update HEAD and apply changes to working directory)
 - git merge: Merge changes from different branches

## Commit messages

Default editor is vim (this can be changed)
 - `i` to enter *insert* mode
 - Type commit message
 - `Esc` -> `:wq` to `Enter` to write message and quit
Or use `git commit -m "<message>"`

 - First line should be clear, accurate and concise
 - Use proper spelling, grammar, and punctuation
 - Don't end with a `.`

For more advice, see: https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/

## Merging

Merging means to bring the changes from one branch into another.

 - A fast forward merge happens when the target branch was branched from the current one, and there are no new changes to the current branch since then.
 - An Automatic merge happens when the two histories have diverged, but git is able to reconcile them into one set of changes. This creates a new commit on the current branch.

Commit message:

Add git remote and push commands to README

README.md, after:

# Practice repository to start learning Git

## Commands used

 - git init: Create a  new git repository
 - git status: Compare working directory, staging area, and current branch
 - git add: Add changes from working directory to stagin area
 - git commit: Commit changes from staging area to current branch
 - git config: Set or get configuration
 - git log: Show a history (aka "log") of project commits
 - git checkout: Check out branch (update HEAD and apply changes to working directory)
 - git merge: Merge changes from different branches
 - git remote add <remote> <url>: Add a new <remote> at <url>
 - git remote -v: List remote repositories
 - git push -u <remote> <branch>: Push <branch> to <remote>, and set default upstream for <branch>

## Commit messages

Default editor is vim (this can be changed)
 - `i` to enter *insert* mode
 - Type commit message
 - `Esc` -> `:wq` to `Enter` to write message and quit
Or use `git commit -m "<message>"`

 - First line should be clear, accurate and concise
 - Use proper spelling, grammar, and punctuation
 - Don't end with a `.`

For more advice, see: https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/

## Merging

Merging means to bring the changes from one branch into another.

 - A fast forward merge happens when the target branch was branched from the current one, and there are no new changes to the current branch since then.
 - An Automatic merge happens when the two histories have diverged, but git is able to reconcile them into one set of changes. This creates a new commit on the current branch.
